You should leverage what you have learned about HTML and CSS as follows:

You will be presented with the HTML to create a five page Robot Store. From this you will need to look through the source code and determine what needs to be styled based on the Classes and IDs provided to you.

With these you should be able to determine what can be targeted in your CSS and style them accordingly.

You can clone the HTML here.

Requirements
Across All pages:
The Mr. Robot logo needs to resized and place it in the top left hand corner of each page.
Style the Mr. Robot store name needs to be styled so it is more prominent. Place next to the Mr. Robot Logo.
Move the search bar to the top right hand corner of the page
Style the Navigation into a Navbar and remove the bullet points.
Give add some color to your store through background color and color for various elements
Style the information at the bottom of the page to look like a traditional footer you would see on a site. Look at sites you use for examples.
On the Home(index) page:
Place the 'Lorem ipsum...' paragraph into two evenly sized columns.
On the Robots Page:
Remove the default borders around the Robots.
Change the font for all Robots.
On the Hardware Page:
Remove the default borders around the Hardwares.
Change the font for the Hardware.
On the About Page:
Remove the default border around the History Section.
Change the font for the History Section.
On the Contact Page:
Style your contact form to match the rest of the site.
Tip! When designing your Robot Store, have a theme in mind. This can include everything from a color scheme to the placement of items on the page. For inspiration view your favorite online stores.
Grading
Meets all Requirements: 50% of your grade will be based on meeting the requirements.
Timely Submission: 25% of your grade will be based on having a complete solution on time.
Style: 25% of your grade will be based on having legible, and well-designed code.
Be sure to save your solution, and be prepared to share it with your Instructor or Mentor during your next class, or check-in.

Tip! Your Instructor or Mentor may test your program with additional inputs, so be sure to test it thoroughly with different scenarios.